Add surveys troubleshooting + FAQ (#6895)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/surveys/troubleshooting.mdx

---
title: Troubleshooting and FAQs
---

Having trouble with surveys? Below are some tips for getting past some common issues

The most common solution is...

> #### Update posthog-js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Update the PostHog snippet or JavaScript Web SDK
```

Surveys requires either the latest version of the [PostHog snippet](/docs/libraries/js#option-1-add-the-javascript-snippet-to-your-html) or version 1.81.3 or greater of `posthog-js` to be installed on your website.

We're always making improvements to the surveys feature, so you'll want to make sure that you're running the latest version.

To check the version that you're using, you can run the following in your browser console:

```js
window.posthog.LIB_VERSION
```

## Surveys still not showing up

There are a few reasons why your survey might not be showing up:

### 1. Configuration is off

Surveys are enabled through the surveys opt in toggle in the [app](https://app.posthog.com/surveys). If you're not seeing any surveys, make sure that this toggle is enabled.

> You can read more about [posthog-js configurations here](/docs/integrate/client/js#config).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read more about [`posthog-js` configurations here](/docs/integrate/client/js#config).
```

> ### 2. Content security policy

Author: Can you double check some of these points @neilkakkar? 🤗  and if you know more off the top of your head, feel free to add

Reviewer 2: No these seem all good to me 👍

> When surveys are enabled, postHog-js will fetch a `survey.js` script from the PostHog server. (This is not included in the default posthog-js to minimize the default bundle size)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When surveys are enabled, `posthog-js` will fetch a `survey.js` script from the PostHog server. It is not included in the default `posthog-js` installation to minimize the default bundle size.
```

> Depending on your content security policy, this script may be blocked. You may need to add `https://app.posthog.com` (or your host URL if you are self hosted) to your list.
> 
> If PostHog is being blocked by your content security policy, you should see an error message in your developer console with more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your content security policy, this script may be blocked. If it is, you should see an error message in your developer console with more details.

You may need to add `https://app.posthog.com`, `https://eu.posthog.com`, or your host URL if you are self hosted) to your allow list.
```

### 3. Proxies

> If you're running behind a proxy, the `/static/survey.js` endpoint may be blocked. You can read more about how to configure your proxy to allow this endpoint [here:](https://posthog.com/docs/self-host/configure/running-behind-proxy#public-endpoints)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're running behind a proxy, the `/static/survey.js` endpoint may be blocked. Read more about [how to configure your proxy to allow this endpoint](/docs/self-host/configure/running-behind-proxy#public-endpoints).
```

> ### 3. Ad/tracking blockers
> 
> Some ad/tracking blockers will block PostHog from fetching `posthog-js`. If you're testing your app locally, you may need to disable any ad/tracking blockers that you're running in your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3. Ad or tracking blockers

Some ad or tracking blocker block PostHog from fetching `posthog-js`. If you're testing your app locally, you may need to disable any ad/tracking blockers that you're running in your browser.

In production, using a [reverse proxy](/docs/advanced/proxy) can help prevent this.
```

## Debugging surveys in console

You can call `getActiveMatchingSurveys` in your browser console to see which surveys are currently active for the user. If the method doesn't exist, it means that you're not running the latest version of `posthog-js`.  

```js

> posthog.getActiveMatchingSurveys(surveys => console.log(surveys))

Reviewer: Do you need to call `window` here too?

Author: nope! 😃

Author: Thanks for the review!

If updating PostHog doesn't solve your problem, there are a few reasons why your survey might not be showing up:

### 1. Configuration is off

Surveys are enabled through the surveys opt in toggle in the [app](https://app.posthog.com/surveys). If you're not seeing any surveys, make sure that this toggle is enabled.

You can read more about [`posthog-js` configurations here](/docs/integrate/client/js#config).

### 2. Content security policy

When surveys are enabled, `posthog-js` will fetch a `survey.js` script from the PostHog server. It is not included in the default `posthog-js` installation to minimize the default bundle size.

Depending on your content security policy, this script may be blocked. If it is, you should see an error message in your developer console with more details.

You may need to add `https://app.posthog.com`, `https://eu.posthog.com`, or your host URL if you are self hosted) to your allow list.

### 3. Proxies

If you're running behind a proxy, the `/static/survey.js` endpoint may be blocked. Read more about [how to configure your proxy to allow this endpoint](/docs/self-host/configure/running-behind-proxy#public-endpoints).

### 3. Ad or tracking blockers

> Some ad or tracking blocker block PostHog from fetching `posthog-js`. If you're testing your app locally, you may need to disable any ad/tracking blockers that you're running in your browser.

Author: ```suggestion
Some ad or tracking blockers block PostHog from fetching `posthog-js`. If you're testing your app locally, you may need to disable any ad/tracking blockers that you're running in your browser.
```
